exemplar querying (#4181)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/api/_index.md

_Requires [authentication](#authentication)._

### Exemplar query

```
GET,POST <prometheus-http-prefix>/api/v1/query_exemplars

# Legacy
GET,POST <legacy-http-prefix>/api/v1/query_exemplars
```

> Prometheus-compatible exemplar query endpoint. When the request is sent through the query-frontend, the query will be accelerated by query-frontend (results caching and execution parallelisation).

Reviewer: The query-frontend doesn't accelerate exemplars endpoint.

```suggestion
Prometheus-compatible exemplar query endpoint.
```

> _For more information, please check out the Prometheus [range query](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#range-queries) documentation._

Reviewer: Let's link to the right one.

```suggestion
_For more information, please check out the Prometheus [querying exemplars](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#querying-exemplars) documentation._
```
